Expand documentation linking in CONTRIBUTING.md (#802)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: CONTRIBUTING.md

The *autodoc* sphinx extension will automatically create pages for each
function/class/module listed there.

You can reference classes, functions, methods, and modules from anywhere 
(including docstrings) using <code>:func:\`package.module.function\`</code>,
<code>:class:\`package.module.class\`</code>, 
<code>:meth:\`package.module.method\`</code>, or
<code>:mod:\`package.module\`</code>.

GMT documentation can be linked with 
<code>:gmt-docs:\`page_name.html\`</code>. An example would be using

> <code>\`:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`\`</code> to link to :gmt-docs:`makecpt.html`.

Reviewer: There's also `:gmt-term:` linking to gmt.conf. See e.g. https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/blob/2aa4aab1cc5cf925bbe01c9114d79ea9e1cb1a96/pygmt/mathops.py#L50

The *autodoc* sphinx extension will automatically create pages for each
function/class/module listed there.

You can reference classes, functions, methods, and modules from anywhere 
(including docstrings) using <code>:func:\`package.module.function\`</code>,
<code>:class:\`package.module.class\`</code>, 
<code>:meth:\`package.module.method\`</code>, or
<code>:mod:\`package.module\`</code>. An example would be to use 

> <code>\`:meth:\`pygmt.Figure.grdview\`\`</code> to link 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<code>:meth:\`pygmt.Figure.grdview\`</code> to link 
```

> to :meth:`pygmt.Figure.grdview`. PyGMT documentation that is not a class, method, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to https://www.pygmt.org/latest/api/generated/pygmt.Figure.grdview.html. 
PyGMT documentation that is not a class, method, 
```

> or module can be linked with :doc:`Any Link Text </path/to/the/file>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or module can be linked with <code>:doc:\`Any Link Text </path/to/the/file>\`</code>.
```

> And example would be <code>:doc:`Install instructions </install>`</code> links 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, <code>:doc:`Install instructions </install>`</code> links 
```

Reviewer 3: Also need a period in the line above, or to change "And" to "and an" and ignore the suggestion change.

Author: Grammar mistakes all around 😔

Thanks for the correction!

> For example, <code>:doc:`Install instructions </install>`</code> links 
> to https://www.pygmt.org/dev/install.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, <code>:doc:\`Install instructions </install>\`</code> links 
to https://www.pygmt.org/latest/install.html.
```

GMT documentation can be linked with 
<code>:gmt-docs:\`page_name.html\`</code>. An example would be using

> <code>\`:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`\`</code> to link to :gmt-docs:`makecpt.html`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<code>:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`</code> to link to 
https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/makecpt.html.
```

The *autodoc* sphinx extension will automatically create pages for each
function/class/module listed there.

You can reference classes, functions, methods, and modules from anywhere 
(including docstrings) using <code>:func:\`package.module.function\`</code>,
<code>:class:\`package.module.class\`</code>, 
<code>:meth:\`package.module.method\`</code>, or
<code>:mod:\`package.module\`</code>. An example would be to use 
<code>:meth:\`pygmt.Figure.grdview\`</code> to link 
to https://www.pygmt.org/latest/api/generated/pygmt.Figure.grdview.html. 
PyGMT documentation that is not a class, method, 
or module can be linked with <code>:doc:\`Any Link Text </path/to/the/file>\`</code>.

> For example, <code>:doc:\`Install instructions </install>\`</code> links 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, <code>:doc:\`Install instructions \</install\>\`</code> links 
```

to https://www.pygmt.org/latest/install.html.

> GMT documentation can be linked with 
> <code>:gmt-docs:\`page_name.html\`</code>. An example would be using
> <code>:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`</code> to link to 
> https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/makecpt.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GMT documentation can be linked with 
<code>:gmt-docs:\`page_name.html\`</code>. An example would be using
<code>:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`</code> to link to 
https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/makecpt.html.
GMT defaults can be linked with 
<code>:gmt-term:\`DEFAULT_NAME\`</code>. An example would be using
<code>:gmt-term:\`COLOR_FOREGROUND\`</code> to link to 
https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/gmt.conf.html#term-COLOR_FOREGROUND.
```

The *autodoc* sphinx extension will automatically create pages for each
function/class/module listed there.

> You can reference classes, functions, methods, and modules from anywhere 

Reviewer 2: Change the order so that they match the order of the `<code>` examples.
```suggestion
You can reference functions, classes, methods, and modules from anywhere 
```

> (including docstrings) using <code>:func:\`package.module.function\`</code>,
> <code>:class:\`package.module.class\`</code>, 
> <code>:meth:\`package.module.method\`</code>, or
> <code>:mod:\`package.module\`</code>. An example would be to use 

Reviewer: In addition to the comment at https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/pull/802/files#r580581522, I think it would look nicer to break this long paragraph into a bulleted list.

```suggestion
(including docstrings) using:

- <code>:func:\`package.module.function\`</code>
- <code>:class:\`package.module.class\`</code>
- <code>:meth:\`package.module.method\`</code>
- <code>:mod:\`package.module\`</code>

An example would be to use 
```

Maybe also use a bulleted list for `:gmt-docs:` and `:gmt-term:` below.

The *autodoc* sphinx extension will automatically create pages for each
function/class/module listed there.

You can reference functions, classes, methods, and modules from anywhere 
(including docstrings) using:

- <code>:func:\`package.module.function\`</code>
- <code>:class:\`package.module.class\`</code>
- <code>:meth:\`package.module.method\`</code>
- <code>:mod:\`package.module\`</code>

An example would be to use 
<code>:meth:\`pygmt.Figure.grdview\`</code> to link 
to https://www.pygmt.org/latest/api/generated/pygmt.Figure.grdview.html. 
PyGMT documentation that is not a class, method, 
or module can be linked with <code>:doc:\`Any Link Text </path/to/the/file>\`</code>.
For example, <code>:doc:\`Install instructions \</install\>\`</code> links 
to https://www.pygmt.org/latest/install.html.

> GMT documentation can be linked with 
> <code>:gmt-docs:\`page_name.html\`</code>. An example would be using
> <code>:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`</code> to link to 
> https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/makecpt.html.
> GMT default settings can be linked with 
> <code>:gmt-term:\`DEFAULT_NAME\`</code>. An example would be using
> <code>:gmt-term:\`COLOR_FOREGROUND\`</code> to link to 
> https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/gmt.conf.html#term-COLOR_FOREGROUND.

Reviewer: Feel free to edit this suggested change if needed before commiting

```suggestion
Linking to the GMT documentation and GMT configuration parameters can be done using:

- <code>:gmt-docs:\`page_name.html\`</code>
- <code>:gmt-term:\`GMT_PARAMETER\`</code>

An example would be using
<code>:gmt-docs:\`makecpt.html\`</code> to link to 
https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/makecpt.html.
For GMT configuration parameters, an example is
<code>:gmt-term:\`COLOR_FOREGROUND\`</code> to link to 
https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/latest/gmt.conf.html#term-COLOR_FOREGROUND.
```
